we are talking about newly revealed FBI
notes this morning and joining me right
now to talk about that is Congressman
Jim Jordan Jordan and former congressman
trey Gowdy Congressman Jim Jordan
ranking member of the Judiciary
Committee trey Gowdy former prosecutor
House Oversight Committee formerly House
Oversight Committee chairman and a fox
news contributor gentlemen thank you so
much for joining us we are looking at
these notes written about that interview
with general Flynn first off let me get
both of your takes on what was most
stunning trey Gowdy you looked at this
and and of course we had an additional
dump of documents this past week what
struck you that there was absolutely no
evidence the Michael Flynn was an agent
of a foreign power the entire time they
spent looking at him and in December of
2016 they had nothing so they're about
to close the investigation without even
interviewing him keep in mind they had
no interest in interviewing Michael
Flynn they're about to close the case
then you get the call with kids lyac and
and Peter struck seems more interested
in setting up an American general than
he is figuring out what the Russian
generals were doing to this country they
sent two agents over there without
informing the White House without
informing the Department of Justice and
they wanted to set him up that is not
the FBI that this country needs yeah Jim
Jordan your reaction to these notes from
mr. free stop which basically tells us
that it was a total setup they were
saying look do we want to get him to lie
what do we want to get him to say
congressman think about what yeah Marie
I think about what happened in three
weeks in January of 2017 on January
third Chuck Schumer on the Rachel Maddow
Show says this in response to a
statement the president-elect Trump had
said where he said we were being spied
on Schumer says if you mess with the
Intel community they have six ways from
Sunday a getting back at you the very
next day January 4th Trey just talked
about it Peter struck overrules the
agents who say Mike Flint did nothing
wrong overrules them because Comey
McCabe told him to January 6 the FBI and
other people in the Intel community in
the Obama administration go to Trump
Tower and try to set up the president
remember this is where Jim Comey says
after the meetings done I want to talk
to the president he tells the president
about the
dossier the dossier they already knew
was false they knew was Russian
disinformation and they knew was paid
for by the Clinton campaign and then
just two weeks after that we have the
FBI going to the White House to set up
Michael Flynn all that happens in three
weeks time this shows you they were out
to get the president and they were
willing to do whatever it took to get
him including going after a three-star
general who had served our country for
three decades what I want to know is is
this going to be the beginning of the
dominoes falling I mean Trey you did an
excellent job Jim Jordan you did an
excellent job really digging in and
getting to the bottom of this we know
the bad actors Jim Comey a Peter Strock
Lisa Paige will we see a capped ability
tre well accountability I mean you can
have an executive branch with
prosecutions but accountability Maria
takes consensus
I bet Jimmy can't name a single Democrat
that is interested in the house and
looking in to the treatment of the FBI
when I was there the Democrats finally
found a cop that they liked
unfortunately his name was Peter struck
whose only interest in this
investigation was if it would lead to
the impeachment of Donald Trump so
accountability requires consensus where
is it
they won't even really show or even yeah
gotcha
they won't even have a hearing where
they bring in Michael Horowitz after the
after the investigation he did into the
Carter paid spies that they wouldn't
even bring him in for a hearing Jerry
Nadler carolyn Maloney wouldn't even
bring him in and we still haven't heard
from them you're right all right let's
take a short break I want to ask you
about christopher ray and the Mulla
report stay with us
hi I'm back with Congressman Jim Jordan
and trey Gowdy congressman Jordan let me
ask you just said a minute ago on our
way out Jerry Nadler will not even bring
Michael Horowitz into question we
already know that they made 17 errors
according to the IG report you're saying
that your committee chairmen will not
bring him in to find out what the heck
happened here no he had this scathing
report about the Carter paid spies I
wouldn't bring him in neither would the
Oversight Committee and now mr. Horowitz
is working on a broader look at FISA and
just four weeks ago he sent out a memo
which said he's looked at 29 cases 29
cases random sample 29 cases and there
were major problems in every single one
in four of those cases they couldn't
even find the woods' file which is the
file they keep which has the sort of
basic evidence underlying evidence that
they then used to take to the court
couldn't even find the woods' file and
what I find interesting is two months
ago when Chris Rea did testify FBI
director ray testified in front the
Judiciary Committee he told us we could
all sleep well at night the FISA process
is fine
well somebody's wrong here either
Christopher Ray's wrong when he said we
can all sleep well tonight
or Michael Horowitz and I'll tell you
what mr. Horowitz has done good work so
I'm wondering what Christopher ray is
really up to when it comes to performing
this FISA process which we know was at
the heart of this whole Trump Russia
investigation I'm sorry how arrogant is
that go sleep well at night with all of
this when we know what the Cabal did
trey Gowdy Peter Strock is a kingpin
here he's doing an interview general
Flynn he was simultaneously working on
an investigation into Hillary Clinton's
emails so did he lie then and did he lie
on the Hillary Clinton email
investigation is that going to come up
again well Maria the FBI those letters
stand for fidelity Brabant bravery and
integrity
so all I'm gonna ask you and your
viewers which of those words come to
mind when you think of Peter struck
promising to stop candidate Trump
interested in the impeachment but not
the interference which of those three
words comes to mind when you hear Jim
Comey say we're gonna see what we can
get away with or when you read notes
about a pretextual defense of briefing
which of those three words that they're
supposed to to personify the FBI which
of those three words do you think
over the last four years when the
world's premier law enforcement agency
has been riddled with bias and
incompetence so Chris Rea yeah look he
didn't start the problems but he's been
there for two years
we need an FBI that we can trust and
what I read in these notes is not the
FBI used to work with it's great to get
your take on both you